of all today we bring you the review of
hadley 4.3 official the samsung galaxy s3
so we started
well today we are going to comment all of you and
each of the novelties that make up
The Samsung Galaxy S3 with the
4.3 long awaited Android update
well the first of all we're going to
comment is the integration of adapt to
dawson
to remember what was integrated
started integrating the samsung galaxy s 4
and it has been integrated into the following
devices like the nou 3 or with the
updates in s 3 on autos-
a garzon adapts or performs an analysis of
our ears when we connect the
headphones and activate the application and
tells us how you can improve the quality
of the audio in each of our ears
both on the left and on the right
The following news is you group grup
I was already part of the Samsung Galaxy
s 4 and the galaxy nou 3 and now it 's the
turn that integrates the galaxy s3
let's remember what group le groupe is
it allowed us to share music with
various devices and play
various songs photos videos and so on
etcetera group play also integrated the
ie share game function
play with people or be able to see
videos that is to be able to reproduce in
different phones the same video
the next novelty is smart rotation
what I was doing is more broken from the station
was that even if we had the
tilted head the mobile does not spin anymore
saying on the screen would tilt according to
we looked at moving here is putting you
a sample video of how it would work
the new use also integrates a
new function that we could also
find the previous ones of alexis
which is called sound and shout that we
let me take a picture and at the same time
record 9 seconds of audio
It also allows us to choose if we want
record the audio before performing the
photo or after taking the photo the s3
integrates new features in the xbox
apart from that includes the small and
redesigned interface that we could
find in the previous galaxy not in
the previous galaxies and that in addition we
it allows to install the dts hd that is to say a
clearer voice that is better defined and
that does not seem as robotic as those that
We could find the previous ones as
for example in the galaxy s2 the
authorization also allows us
install new widgets on the screen
lock thanks to android 4.3 as
you can see I can put widget
google now music and you can add more
according to my needs
It also allows me to edit the order of
each of the widgets
the new music application that new
has nothing but now allows us
be able to control the songs with the
voice control that is to say with a series of
commands allows us to pause play
pass the next one or go to the previous one
song simply by saying to the mobile
and without needing to touch it now in the
screen settings we can find the
screen mode and allows us to activate
the optimize screen mode is to say the
mobile as detected on the sensors will go
optimizing both the contrast with the
brightness and colors of the screen
large 4.2.2 and with 4.3 we could already
slide with both fingers and expand the
Notification bar then with 4.3
we also have it and if we go down with a
finger we have here a series the
notifications and some
you des and if we go down with both the
we have all now in settings too
we can find the option to activate
screen and roddick that allows us
share the screen with another
device also with alexis's
three and in the Android 4.3 update
the mobile is compatible with the galaxy
guide the samsung watch in addition also
we can download the application from
wallet that allows us
redeem discounts and manage
our coupons and so on and so on
I hope you liked it a lot
video share it with a lot of people that
have the s3 and that's it and subscribe
of course to see more videos of
great stress or other things or
comment if you want me to do some
tutorial you just have to comment
I know this is all and until next time